DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then, out of nowhere,
we were invaded by these mysterious
and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything!
Coredegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker, and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack
of Bakugan called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, he had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer, so we fought back,
because no one is gonna take our freedom,
not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Got to give it your all
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan
Yuck, this whole place smells like wet dog.
Quiet! I'm trying to create a mental map in my head
of all the passageways we've already taken.
All your talking is getting me confused.
Well, I'm sorry I forgot to bring the breadcrumbs
to leave a trail with, so give me a break!
It's not like we had a lot of notice!
Come back!
ORBEUM: What choice did Master Shun have?
Until now, we had no idea where Wiseman was hiding out.
He made a split decision to send us,
and now it's our mission to collect intel
on the enemy's location
and report our findings back to the Brawlers.
I guess so, but still...
The stink is so back in here
if I don't get out soon, I'm gonna barf.
(Grunting)
Hey! Knock it off!
(Grunting) I'm trying!
Oh man! What the heck did you just do?
SKYTRUSS: Well, I think I just saved the day, little bro.
Wouldn't you say?
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Enemy Infiltration.\"
Finally, after our countless battles against the Brawlers,
the moment we've all been waiting for has arrived.
The charging has been completed.
It is time for the complete
and final resurrection of...
the mighty, nomadic Mechtogan!
BETADRON: Are you sure this time, Wiseman?
SPATTERIX: Yes. It feels like we've heard this all before.
Bakugan brawl!
Baku-sky Raiders Jump!
Bakugan, stand!
Come, Complete Mechtogan.
Slycerak! Mandibor! Exostriker!
Can you feel the level of power?!
It's like nothing I've ever felt before!
Yes, indeed, my brother. It's incredible.
(Laughing) So, what are we waiting for?
(Roaring)
TREMBLAR: If it's true, and they really are complete,
I can't imagine how much total power they must wield.
Hold on!
We're not inside that cocoon of light!
Yeah! We can move around freely!
Perhaps the Mechtogan truly are complete,
as Wiseman says.
It seems they don't need a Bakugan host to operate.
Hold on just a second!
If they really are complete,
then where the heck is Coredegon?
As leader of the Mechtogan, he needs just a little more time.
Think of it as saving the very best for last.
I don't have time
to decipher your double talk anymore, Wiseman!
Take us to Drago so we can destroy him once and for all
and have our revenge! (Laughing)
Indeed. The time for talk is over, Wiseman.
All we care about now is action.
BALISTA: And, of course, revealing
your little buried secret.
That sounds like all kinds of bad news.
No kidding. We should tell the boss.
Hmm? Who's there?
Whatever it was, it's dust now.
(Chuckling)
SKYTRUSS: Whoa! That was way too close.
WISEMAN (Thinking:) That's it.
Go ahead and warn the Brawlers.
It will save me the trouble of summoning them myself.
(Chuckling)
Hurry up!
We have to send word to the others right away! Let's go!
Relax, I'm coming!
(Grunting)
That should do it, little brother.
Now let's just hope they get here quickly.
Did you hear that?
ALL: Huh?
What is it, pal?
Yeah, Jaakor. I didn't hear anything.
It's a message guys!
Huh?
Huh? What's that?
It's an ancient Bakugan text,
rarely seen anymore, and known only to the ninja clan.
It's a distress call.
Distress call?
What the heck is going on here, Shun?
Well guys,
at the end of the last battle we fought,
I sent Skytruss and Orbeum on a recon mission
to find Wiseman's hideout.
So why didn't you tell us?
Yes, why?
Surely they could've used our help!
Let me guess,
you sent them because they're ninjas and we're not, right?
Correct. It was a stealth mission.
Let's have a look at their message.
It appears that the evil Mechtogan Mandibor,
Exostriker and Slycerak have been completely resurrected
and are working with a dangerously high power level.
Well, that's all helpful information,
but did they happen to send us their coordinates?
Yes.
It says Wiseman's hideout is in sector G48.
Computer, satellite view of G48.
There it is! Look!
It figures he's hiding out inside a volcano.
It's the last place we would ever try to look.
So, everyone knows what needs to be done.
So, let's get right to it, okay, guys?
Mira and Runo, we need you guys here in the lab.
If we're up against some crazy power,
we'll need you to send us the battle suits.
Sounds good.
Be careful, you guys.
Kato, can you please get us--
It's already done.
ORBEUM: I'm telling you, I'm positive this time!
The corridor we came in through is just over this way!
Oh yeah? Well you've been saying that for the last half an hour!
Just admit it - we're lost!
Uh-oh.
What the...? Whoa.
Why don't ya watch where you're-- huh?
Who are you two?
I've seen you somewhere before.
But where?
Wait a minute!
You fight with the Brawlers sometimes. Hold on!
Where'd they go?
They couldn't have gotten far.
I bet they're just...
over there!
(Both yelling)
That should do it.
SKYTRUSS: You wish!\\ ORBEUM: Smell ya later!
You little punks! I'll get you!
Wiseman has been using us
this entire time to generate enough power from our battles
to resurrect the Mechtogan.
We've allowed him to do so
because he's promised us our vengeance against Drago,
but still, something doesn't fell right.
We've extended far too much trust to this stranger.
It's time that we knew his true identity now.
And the key to unlocking this mystery is right here.
(Chuckling)
Come back here and fight!
Whoa! Hey! How about a heads up?
(Roaring)
(Grunting)
BOTH: Huh? Whoa!
What was that?
A new player.
Did you really think
you could sneak into our hideout and not pay the price?
If so, you're fools!
That underground stink pile is your hideout?
We thought we got lost and found Bakugan City's sewer system!
It's time we showed these creeps why you never mess with ninjas!
Bring it roaches!
Hah!
(Roaring)
Ahh! My eyes!
I'm over here!
Is that all you've got?
Not even close!
If you're finished with these fancy aerial ballet moves,
perhaps we can get down to some serious brawling!
Oh, so you want to make fun of my stealthy ninja moves, huh?
Well let's see how you like this instead!
(Roaring)
(Grunting)
(Groaning)
Let's finish them off!
What the...?
BOTH: Huh?
(Yelling)
That is easily my favourite booby trap of all time!
Did you see the looks on their moronic faces?
Yeah! It was classic!
(Yelling)
Well, that really hurt. (Groaning)
(Rumbling) BOTH: Huh?
We're here! Skytruss! Orbeum!
JAAKOR: Excellent work, you two.
Thank you sensei. But we were just doing our jobs.
We were worried our transmission might not get to you in time.
So, this is the place.
Okay! Are you ready to take those creeps down?
Yeah! Yeah!
What the heck?!
\u266a
MARUCHO: Get ready, Radizen, this is going to be intense!
DAN: Okay, Drago and Reptak, let's take them down!
DAN: There they are. Just like the message said!
DRAGO: So, this is what they look like
in their completely resurrected form!
We've been waiting for you, Battle Brawlers!
This is going to be so much fun!
I can't decide which one of you I want to smash first!
Whatever! We'll take you down just like every time before!
Bakugan brawl!
DAN: Baku-Sky Raiders, jump!
Go Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
Go Haos Reptak!
SHUN: Baku-Sky Raiders jump!
Go Ventus Jaakor!
Go Darkus Skytruss! Go Darkus Orbeum!
(Roaring)
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
Go Aquos Radizen!
Go Subterra Roxtor!
(Speaking gibberish)
Let's go!
Right Right.
BALISTA: Hey you, wake up!
I've got some questions for you!
Who is Wiseman, and what's your connection to him?
Can you hear me in there? Huh?
Say something!
WISEMAN: Balista...
Hmm?
Oh. Wiseman.
Have you heard?
The Brawlers have invaded the island.
What?
(Roaring)
(Growling)
Ability Activate!
Dragon Astral!
(Roaring)
SHUN: Ability Activate! Grapple Buster!
Is that supposed to scare me?
What?
Let's try this!
Oh no, it's too much energy!
Reptak! Get out of the way!
Too late!
(Groaning)
Reptak!
You'll pay for that!
Nice try, but it's going to take more than that you fool!
(Groaning)
Anywhere, man! They're too strong!
Now it's my turn to join in the fun!
I wanna crush some Bakugan too!
Let's go! Ability Activate!
Ultimate Kazami Style - Rapid Fury!
ALL: Right!
(Grunting)
Let's add a little charge to the mix!
(Groaning)
Pathetic!
No way!
After all that,
there's barely a scratch on him!
Now I'll show you how I dole out punishment!
(Groaning)
This is bad!
No kidding!
One Mechtogan is taking on three Bakugan with no trouble at all!
Smile, you overgrown chicken,
because you're next on the chopping block!
Aww, snap! This isn't going to end well!
Hang on, did he just call me--
DRAGO: Radizen! Huh?
We can't take them on single-handedly.
We need to combine our efforts!
Yeah! You heard Drago, guys!
ALL: Right!
(Roaring)
Let's do this!
Bakugan, Fuse!
Talk about a killer combination!
(Roaring)
JAAKOR: Combined Ninjas, Herculean Power!
BOTH: Bakugan unite!
Do you actually think
combining like that will make a difference?
If anything, they've only make it easier for us!
Exactly!
Now we'll be able to kill two birds with one stone!
Yeah? Well, try getting past my two fists first!
Let's go!
Come and get it!
Now Dan!
United Ability Activate!
Harvey Cannon Impact Torrent!
The more you resist, the more you annoy me.
How is it possible that their power isn't dissipating?
(Grunting)
Huh?! (Grunting)
(Groaning)
How could they possibly do damage
to our resurrected bodies?
Keep hammering them!
Don't worry, Dan, we're all over this!
Here we are.
I thought we were going to fight the Brawlers!
Where are they? I don't see them anywhere!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
What the heck are you doing, Wiseman?
WISEMAN: You've been a naughty boy, Balista.
Sticking your nose in places it doesn't belong.
You couldn't be content
with the vengeance I promised you against Drago.
Well, now it's time you pay the price for all your snooping!
Well, I'm not going to let you take me down without a fight!
(Roaring)
United Ability Activate!
Harvey Cannon Impact Torrent!
(Groaning)
I'm gonna make you suffer!
Go Jaakor! You too, Radizen!
SHUN: United Ability Activate!
Supreme Thunder!
Say goodbye!
(Groaning)
We're not done with you insects yet!
Fusion Ability Activate! Terror Blue!
Choke on this!
(Groaning)
Did we finish them off?
We must have.
We used all of our energy on them.
There's no way they could've survived that,
not in a million years!
Look! Over there!
(Laughing) Another futile attempt!
Perhaps we should applaud their tenacity?
But why encourage them
when they're doomed to fail anyhow?
I can't believe it didn't work!
Don't give up!
We can do this if we attack them all together!
Ready, Jaakor? Skytruss? Orbeum?
Let's go, Radizen and Roxtor!
ALL: Right.
We... Won't be...
...Defeated! (Laughing)
Ready?
Absolutely, my brother!
Let's erase them from existence!
(Roaring)
Come out, Wiseman!
Or don't you have the courage to show yourself?
I've had enough of your games!
Tell me who you really are!
I demand it! Do you hear me, Wiseman?
I want answers!
Very well then, Balista.
What?
If you really do insist on knowing who I am, then...
hmm, I'll grant you your wish.
What? No!
It can't be!
(Screaming)
(Groaning)
Huh?
Where a-am I?
W-what happened to me?
(Laughing)
Now you're looking at...
One true and united power!
(Groaning)
Oh no!
This stinks dude!
Our combination...
They separated us.
Drago! Reptak!
I don't get it! With only one hit?
They actually took all of them down!
Aww, man. They've got too much power.
Hmm. Why the long faces, Brawlers?
You're not just giving up on us, are you?
It was ridiculous of all of you to think
that you even had the slightest chance at defeating us!
We'll show you!
Quiet!
It's time for you all...
To disappear!
(Yelping)
Dan! Watch out!
(Groaning)
(Screaming)
GUNZ: Can someone please explain to me what's going on?
The last thing I remember is brawling with Dan.
Next thing you know,
I open my eyes and I'm in some sort of cave.
Sounds crazy, but it's like I've woken up
in my own worst nightmare.
These Nonets are trying to destroy the world
and my partner Reptak is battling on Dan's side now.
But the craziest part of all is that the evil ringleader dude,
Wiseman, who's behind all this, he looks just like me!
I'm serious.
You need to tune in to see what I'm talking about.
I hope someone can fill in all these blanks for me,
'cause if they don't,
I might permanently lose my identity to Wiseman.
\u266a